README.md, before:

# Escola LMS

[![Admin Panel](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/diinyp&style=flat&logo=cypress)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/diinyp/runs)

This project is initialized with [Escola LMS](https://pro.ant.design). Follow is the quick guide for how to use.

## Environment Prepare

Install `node_modules`:

```bash
npm install
```

or

```bash
yarn
```

## Provided Scripts

Escola LMS provides some useful script to help you quick start and build with web project, code style check and test.

Scripts provided in `package.json`. It's safe to modify or add additional script:

### Start project

```bash
npm start
```

### Build project

```bash
npm run build
```

### Check code style

```bash
npm run lint
```

You can also use script to auto fix some lint error:

```bash
npm run lint:fix
```

### Test code

```bash
npm test
```

## More

You can view full document on our [official website](https://pro.ant.design). And welcome any feedback in our [github](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design-pro).

Commit message:

cypress e2e recording. additional tests (#6)
* cypress e2e recording

* cypress e2e recording

README.md, after:

# Escola LMS

[![Admin Panel](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/detailed/diinyp&style=flat&logo=cypress)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/diinyp/runs)

This project is initialized with [Ant.design PRO](https://pro.ant.design). Follow is the quick guide for how to use.

## Environment Prepare

Install `node_modules`:

```bash
yarn
```

## Provided Scripts

Escola LMS provides some useful script to help you quick start and build with web project, code style check and test.

Scripts provided in `package.json`. It's safe to modify or add additional script:

### Start project

```bash
yarn start
```

### Build project

```bash
yarn build
```

### Check code style

```bash
yarn lint
```

You can also use script to auto fix some lint error:

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

### Test code

There are tests in this repo. See badges above.

#### Jest code covarage

```bash
yarn test
```

#### Cypress e2e tests

```bash
yarn cypress-test
```

## More

You can view full document on our [official website](https://pro.ant.design). And welcome any feedback in our [github](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design-pro).
